Su Wanqiu, you are also the bloodline of the Su family
How can you avoid the Su family in a desperate situation?
Fang Zhengfu, can you help me?
Bring it to them this time
They belong to the illegal operation case.
This does not comply with the formal process of our bank loan.
Did you see it?
Su Wanqiu, it's all because of you
Grandpa is now because of this
I'm already vomiting blood
Pardon me?
What happened to grandpa
Speak quickly
Grandpa is just because of the warmth of qi and blood
Just unconscious
If grandpa never wakes up again
Everyone will hate you to the bone
Including your sister-in-law who usually dotes on you and protects you
I will never meet you when you die
Then you will be the sinner of the Su family
A useless thing
Dawdling for so long
Can't even do this little thing?
That's what happened.
It's useless if you blame me.
Hey, that mountain bottle of earth gas
Do we still want it?
If this is what their Su family owes us
Get it back at all costs
How do you want it?
Not soft
Just come hard